In the daytime, I'm Marinette
Just a normal girl, with a normal life.
But there's something about me that no one knows yet
Because I have a secret
Miraculous
Simply the best!
Up to the test when things go wrong!
Miraculous, the luckiest.
The power of love always so strong!
Miraculous!
Wow! You're strong bugaboo!
We've never fought a villain this fast before! Pound it?!
Bugaboo? Is there a problem??
Pound it! Yes yes, hehehe…
We need to recheck if everything's fine in Paris, should we do a Patrol?
Don't you wanna tell me what's wrong instead?
You didn't even react when I called you bugaboo!
What do you want me to tell you? Yes everything's going very well!
I just got some time left but don't wanna talk
I know the ideal place so we won't talk
Perfect! I'm following you!
*romantic movie plays*
You led me into a trap
Shhh, I thought you didn't want to talk
shh!
No!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Don't tell him anything else!!
Talk less loud!
But romantic movies are lame, do you want me to tell you why??
It's not realistic for one second!
In real life the girl takes a crazy long time to tell
him she loves him without stuttering, blablabla!!
And how do you know if he loves her too??
IMPOSSIBLE!! So she decides she's never gonna be able to be with him, and BOOM!
She falls in love with someone else
And everything is too simple, too easy
No stammering, they hold and kiss kiss, and surprise!
The girl has secrets, and the boy hates secrets, normal!
They they have to breakup and the whole is miserable forever, the end
It's so whatever the romantic comedy
Sorry!
Quick, let’s go…
A bit of advice, don’t go see romantic comedies,
you should go see heroic superheroic, special effects, no feelings,
no questions, no one is talking because they have nothing to say to one another
At least, you will have a good time!
Sorry…
Listen, My Lady, I didn’t understand everything you said, and I don’t know anything about your personal life obviously.
But I know what a broken heart is, and to me, it seems like this is it.
Me, a broken heart? I don’t know what you are talking about.
Everything is going perfect in the best world
I want to go swimming, don't you? Let’s go to the swimming pool!
You know that if you need to talk, I’m always here for you.
To the swimming pool !
Wohoo!
It’s so sad
I told you that we should remove these pictures
Stop! I’m not sad and these pictures do not disturb me.
Not at all, these are just pictures of my friends
and i love fashion and my friends of course so, leave them in their places
There is no problem
So, Marinette has a problem: she is lovesick!
At the beginning, she was in love with Adrien
But, she never manages to tell him because
this is Marinette we're talking about and he’s Adrien...
Then Luka enters the stage..
Marinette gets to talk to him because... it’s Luka and they get together...
both of them were cute..
ok but they broke up.
yes..[mumbles]
but the bottom line is, Marinette never told us anything about it..
if Luka had not told his sister Juleka who told Rose who told Myléne who told Alix who ended up telling me...
And I’m her best friend! I still wouldn’t know!
Yesterday in school I was in the bathroom and I heard her crying...
Marinette, are you crying?
I cry? Haha, not at all I’ve never been so happy in my life...
We should throw a great party, I’m so happy!
But why is she hiding these secrets from us like that?
if she doesn’t even say anything to Alya there’s a real problem...
What do we do?
what Marinette needs is a discussion between friends !
I propose to call her all together to talk about it !
Rabbit check !
I think I will fall on her answering machine.
It’s Marinette, leave a message, Beep!
Hi, Marinette, it’s us!
Hello!
Just to tell you that we are here if you want to talk, when you want and where you want.
Call us back, we love you, kisses
We must intervene, we need Tikki, I’ll take care
Why don’t you communicate with your friends on the talking device
To tell them what? Everything is okay
Maybe you should detransform yourself, so
No, I’m better off like that, if Shadow Moth attacks Paris, I’ll immediately be ready to take action.
Okay, but did you think of Tikki,
maybe she would like to rest a little bit or have a bite to eat.
Oh no, TIKKI- Spots off!
Are you okay, Tikki?
Definitely better than you Marinette!
We should discuss, don’t you think?
Girls, don’t you think we should go to her house?
We could offer her an eternal friendship bracelet
so that she doesn’t forget that friends can tell everything
and that we are always here for her!
I read in an old magazine that an ancient tribe of America did that!
We confide a secret with the pearl mentally, once Marinette has confided her secret with the pearl, this bracelet will unite us all six!
Woww, are you ready?
Wouldn’t it be easier, to just take her for an
orange juice to discuss her love stories?
-Okay
As long as I’m Ladybug, I can’t have a love story
What makes you say that Marinette?!
You know very well Tikki!
I had to leave Luka because I couldn’t tell him the truth,
and it would be the same for Adrien
I can’t share my secret with anyone
I can’t be honest with my best friend or with my parents or with anyone!
I’m condemned to lie, all the time, for everyone.
What can I do Tikki?
I would like to help you, but- Kwamis don’t fall in love
Do you see? No one can help me, the life of Marinette is so complicated
Maybe it's better if I'm Ladybug all time!
Tikki, SPOTS ON!
Marinette! Oh-- Marinette!
Wow
Come and see, girls! There's something new!
It’ so cute
Again a super new creation by Marinette!
She must be at the roof
I will go and get her
What are you waiting for Hawkmoth?
I’m ready for you
Marinette?
Tikki spots off
Marinette!
What are you guys doing here
We are here to see how are you doing
Oh look this seems a new house
Huuuh
I will remove the roof to see inside!
Ahhhhh
Don’t touch go back
Uhhuhuhuh, listen!
I’m very sorry Marinette
Please get out of my room
It’s nothing Marinette we will help you fix it don’t worry
Of course not! Now leave!
Obviously, there’s something going on
and we won’t leave until you tell us what.
Each one of us here has given their secrets to this bracelet now it’s your turn.
I will tell you what’s wrong
You all walking in my room without my permission!
If we are friends you must tell us everything
Real friends never let each other down.
Maybe that I don’t want you as friends.
Come on, get out!
I had no other choice Tikki. I had to do it.
I know, Marinette
Now I don’t have to lie anymore since…
I don’t have any friends to lie to.
*sighs*
Huh? What happened?
Girls!
Many little fragile hearts are broken together.
What a wonderful symphony for my akumas.
Fly away my evil akuma.
and darken their hearts!
I just lost my best friend.
I was hoping it would work.
Waah it’s… so sad.
*mumbles*
No, it can’t end like this. No way !
Gang of secrets. I am ShadowMoth.
Your friend didn’t want to tell you her little secrets.
I grant you all the powers you need to get them out of her by force.
All I want in return are the miraculouses of LadyBug and Cat Noir.
Marinette must remain our friend.
No matter whether she wants it or not.
And she won’t keep any secrets from her friends anymore.
*mumbles*
I'll take care of catching her.
No more secrets, she’ll have to put us on the scent
And I’ll turn back time to make everything as it used to be!
We’ll comfort her and she’ll be our friend again.
And if Ladybug and Cat Noir try to get in our way, Horrificator will keep them at bay.
*rawr*
*sighs*
*gasps*
I’m here for you Marinette!
I’m your best friend!
You’d better tell us all your secrets!
You’ll feel much better afterwards!
Be careful, you shouldn’t do that Trixx.
Do you remember what happened the last time you used your power without a holder?
Marinette cannot reveal her secret. Mirage!
How did she-
Don’t run away like that Marinette! We’re friends, aren’t we?
Follow me !
Thank you so much Trixx.
Tikki spots on!
When a Kwami uses his power without a holder to channel its power, isn't it supposed to cause a disaster?
My power only creates illusions, the possible damage will only be illusory.
"Gasps" Don't be annoyed… Her Miraculous Ladybug will be fix everything!
I hope.
Oh, Trixx…
The Eiffel Tower is struck by a strange phenomenon. The authorities recommend …
I bet you my whole Camembert that it was Trixx who did that
Trixx ?
The Kwami of illusion.
This is not an illusion, it's that Ladybug needs some help.
Well, even if it's not me who do a mistake, I have to help.
Plagg Claws out!
Marinette !?
Has anyone seen Marinette Dupain Cheng?
In this case, you will help us find her.
At your Service Princess Fragrance!
She is hidden somewhere.
Let's separate!
"Screams"
Well, I think the supervillains are having a party and we haven't been invited.
They're all searching for Marinette Dupain Cheng, their classmate
We've already saved her multiple times, didn't we?
Yet everyone seems to like her
Well seems like she got into an argument with all of her friends at once…
Hello? You're still there?
I was thinking.
With 5 villains, we're going to have a hard time finding the akumatized object
You already have an idea, don't you?
I'd like to isolate one of them so that she can tell us where is the akuma,
but you need to stop Timebreaker from going back in time
Or else my plan might fail because of her
Alright, good luck m'lady
Thanks, you too
Hey! It's been a long time!
How is miss stopwatch doing?
I'm Timebreaker!
And I've got no time to waste talking to you!
Ah!
Too bad for you LadyBug, I'm not the one who has the akuma
It's no big deal, all I wanted to do was to talk to you
Let me warn you right away, I won't tell you anything!
Your friend LadyWifi is having a hard time with LadyBug!
We'll take care of it!
What? Don't wanna play cat anymore?
Alya, if I understood well, you're having problems with your best friend?
Her name is Marinette, right?
I don't know what happened between the two of you but I'd like to talk to you about a friend of mine
She's a superhero!
You know Rena Rouge, right?
Obviously, we have secrets towards one another, even just because of my secret identity
But even if we can't tell each other over everything, we trust one another!
And that's what allows us to fight alongside each other
You can reject Shadowmoth's power
Don't listen to her LadyWifi!
If you do this you won't ever know about your friend's secrets!
Nor Ladybug's!
I have absolute trust in you, Alya, I need you!
I need Rena Rouge!
That’s impossible!
Wow!
No one has ever done that before you, you’re incredible!
Because you’re an incredible friend, Ladybug.
Pound it.
Ladybug, the Gang of Secrets is looking for you,
I’m on the spot but I don’t know if I can hold them back for long.
Your friend, Lady WiFi betrayed you,
she preferred Ladybug’s team.
Hurry up and get it over with him so that you can take care of Ladybug
Which object is the Akuma in?
In a bracelet that Timebreaker should have, but you and Chat Noir won’t be able to defeat four villains at the same time.
I think that it is time to call the mistress of illusions.
Wow! How did you do that?
There is something new since I became the Miraculous Guardian.
The Guardian of...?! *gasp*
But keep the scoop for yourself, especially not a word on the LadyBlog.
I promise. I know how to keep a secret.
Trixx, let’s pounce!
No Cataclysm to save you now.
There’s no more time to lose.
Lucky Charm!
Okay, I have a plan, listen
If you dare to touch it, I will activate my power and who knows what might happen to you.
Why take it from you by force when I can make you my slave and make you give it to me.
It’s time to use your power.
Mirage!
Cat noir, No!
Marinette.. catch her!
No! Take her Miraculous first, come back!
Thank you, my ladies. I was a hair’s breadth away from disaster..
That’s what friends are made for, my kitty! Okay, you two go fast to the pool.
What about you?
I’ll make sure to distract our guests....
Rena Rouge will explain the plan to you.
Catch Ladybug, take her Miraculous!
Take care of her, I’ll take care of Marinette
Your turn, princess!
It’s time to reveal your secrets, Marinette.
Don’t resist, you will soon do everything we’ll be telling you, Ladybug
First, give us your miraculous, come on!
It’s my time
You can’t escape me!
Return to reality!
Cataclysm!
Thank you, Ladybug
No more evil doing for you, little Akuma!
Time to de-evilize!
Gotcha
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Pound it?
Pound it!
You’ve made mistakes in the past, Ladybug, and you will make more
One day I’ll end up finding out about your secret.
Detransformation!
Thank you, Ladybug
You know, without your and Cat Noir's help,
I wouldn't have been able to succeed today.
I am lucky to have friends like you
So, thank you.
It's true, my breakup with Luka broke my heart,
and not being able to tell how I feel to Adrien,
it also made me feel bad.
Love is so difficult...
I think I’ll stay on the friendship!
It’s already complicated enough to keep my friends!
Rose: Take your time!
Mylène: Everything will eventually work out!
And whatever happens, we will
always be here for you Marinette!
When you will feel ready, warn us and
we will find a new awesome plan
to tell to Adrien, Luka or whoever that you love them!
Girls, you are the ones I love!
Alix: Goodbye, Marinette!
Rose: See you tomorrow!
I’ll join you later, I have one last
thing to say to Marinette.
In fact you didn’t tell us everything.
A reporter and a best friend
feel this kind of things!
I’m not going to investigate on you
or force you to tell me that, you know!
If you don’t want to tell me what’s
happening it is your right.
Will we always be friends?
Marinette, I’m your best friend,
and I will always be.
That’s why it hurts me to not be
able to help you to be less alone!
Alya wait, stay!
You're right I'm very lonely
More alone than ever before
And I find it harder and harder to resist
Do you know why I broke up with Luka?
Not because I don't like him, he's amazing
It's because there's something I can't tell to him
Do you know why I'm drawing a line on Adrien?
Because it will be the same with him.
You're right, I have secrets and I lie all the time
I lie to my friends, to my parents...
To everyone..
And the worst part about it is that I can't do anything about it
We always have the choice Marinette
No, at least not for me
I’ve got no other choice
It's all beyond us Alya, it's too heavy to carry
If it's too heavy, we’ll be two to carry it
If I tell you, things between us will never be the same
It's going to destroy everything, change it all.
Marinette, whatever you’ll say, I'm your friend!
And me…
I am Ladybug...